after this Absalom the son of David had
after this Absalom the son of David had a lovely sister whose name was tamer and
a lovely sister whose name was tamer and
a lovely sister whose name was tamer and Amnon the son of David loved her Amnon
Amnon the son of David loved her Amnon
Amnon the son of David loved her Amnon was so distressed over his sister tamer
was so distressed over his sister tamer
was so distressed over his sister tamer that he became sick for she was a virgin
that he became sick for she was a virgin
that he became sick for she was a virgin and it was improper for a man to do
and it was improper for a man to do
and it was improper for a man to do anything to her
anything to her
anything to her but Amnon had a friend whose name was
but Amnon had a friend whose name was
but Amnon had a friend whose name was Jonathan the son of shamea David's
Jonathan the son of shamea David's
Jonathan the son of shamea David's brother
brother
brother now jonadab was a very crafty man and he
now jonadab was a very crafty man and he
now jonadab was a very crafty man and he said to him why are you the king's son
said to him why are you the king's son
said to him why are you the king's son becoming thinner day after day well you
becoming thinner day after day well you
becoming thinner day after day well you not tell me
not tell me
not tell me I'm non said to him I love Tamar my
I'm non said to him I love Tamar my
I'm non said to him I love Tamar my brother Absalom sister lie down on your
brother Absalom sister lie down on your
brother Absalom sister lie down on your bed and pretend to be ill and when your
bed and pretend to be ill and when your
bed and pretend to be ill and when your father comes to see you say to him
father comes to see you say to him
father comes to see you say to him please let my sister Tamar come and give
please let my sister Tamar come and give
please let my sister Tamar come and give me food and prepare the food in my sight
me food and prepare the food in my sight
me food and prepare the food in my sight that I may see it and eat it from her
that I may see it and eat it from her
that I may see it and eat it from her hand
hand
hand then amnon lay down and pretended to be
then amnon lay down and pretended to be
then amnon lay down and pretended to be ill and when the king came to see him
ill and when the king came to see him
ill and when the king came to see him amnon said to the king please that Tamar
amnon said to the king please that Tamar
amnon said to the king please that Tamar my sister come and make a couple of
my sister come and make a couple of
my sister come and make a couple of cakes for me in my sight that I may eat
cakes for me in my sight that I may eat
cakes for me in my sight that I may eat from her hand and David sent home to
from her hand and David sent home to
from her hand and David sent home to Tama now go to your brother ahem Nan's
Tama now go to your brother ahem Nan's
Tama now go to your brother ahem Nan's house and prepare food for him so Tama
house and prepare food for him so Tama
house and prepare food for him so Tama went to her brother
went to her brother
went to her brother AM Nan's house and he was lying down
AM Nan's house and he was lying down
AM Nan's house and he was lying down then she took flour and kneaded it made
then she took flour and kneaded it made
then she took flour and kneaded it made cakes in his sight and bake the cakes
cakes in his sight and bake the cakes
cakes in his sight and bake the cakes and she took the pan and placed them out
and she took the pan and placed them out
and she took the pan and placed them out before him but he refused to eat
before him but he refused to eat
before him but he refused to eat have everyone go out for me um they all
have everyone go out for me um they all
have everyone go out for me um they all went out from him then Amnon set to Tama
went out from him then Amnon set to Tama
went out from him then Amnon set to Tama bring the food into the bedroom that I
bring the food into the bedroom that I
bring the food into the bedroom that I may eat from your hand and Tama
may eat from your hand and Tama
may eat from your hand and Tama took the cakes which she had made and
took the cakes which she had made and
took the cakes which she had made and brought them to Amnon her brother in the
brought them to Amnon her brother in the
brought them to Amnon her brother in the bedroom now when she had brought them to
bedroom now when she had brought them to
bedroom now when she had brought them to him to eat he took hold of her come lie
him to eat he took hold of her come lie
him to eat he took hold of her come lie with me my sister with me from you
with me my sister with me from you
with me my sister with me from you however he would not heed her voice and
however he would not heed her voice and
however he would not heed her voice and being stronger than she he forced and
being stronger than she he forced and
being stronger than she he forced and lay with her then Imam hated her
lay with her then Imam hated her
lay with her then Imam hated her exceedingly so that the hatred with
exceedingly so that the hatred with
exceedingly so that the hatred with which he hated her was greater than the
which he hated her was greater than the
which he hated her was greater than the love with which he had loved her and I'm
love with which he had loved her and I'm
love with which he had loved her and I'm nan said to her arise begone
nan said to her arise begone
nan said to her arise begone [Music]
[Music]
[Music] no I'm sending me away it's worse than
no I'm sending me away it's worse than
no I'm sending me away it's worse than the other that you did to me but he
the other that you did to me but he
the other that you did to me but he would not listen to her then he called
would not listen to her then he called
would not listen to her then he called his self to a champion here put this
his self to a champion here put this
his self to a champion here put this woman out it's away from me and bolt the
woman out it's away from me and bolt the
woman out it's away from me and bolt the door behind her now she had on a robe of
door behind her now she had on a robe of
door behind her now she had on a robe of many colors for the Kings virgin
many colors for the Kings virgin
many colors for the Kings virgin daughters wore such a peril and his
daughters wore such a peril and his
daughters wore such a peril and his seventh put her out and bolted the door
seventh put her out and bolted the door
seventh put her out and bolted the door behind her
behind her
behind her then tamer put ashes on her head and
then tamer put ashes on her head and
then tamer put ashes on her head and tore her robe of many colors that was on
tore her robe of many colors that was on
tore her robe of many colors that was on her and laid her hand on her head and
her and laid her hand on her head and
her and laid her hand on her head and went away crying bitterly
and absalom her brother said to her has
and absalom her brother said to her has Amnon your brother been with you
he is your brother do not take this
he is your brother do not take this thing to heart
thing to heart
thing to heart so Tama remained
so Tama remained
so Tama remained desolate in her brother Absalom's house
desolate in her brother Absalom's house
desolate in her brother Absalom's house but when King David heard of all these
but when King David heard of all these
but when King David heard of all these things he was very angry and Absalom
things he was very angry and Absalom
things he was very angry and Absalom spoke to his brother AB man neither good
spoke to his brother AB man neither good
spoke to his brother AB man neither good nor bad for Absalom hated Amnon because
nor bad for Absalom hated Amnon because
nor bad for Absalom hated Amnon because he had forced his sister tamer and it
he had forced his sister tamer and it
he had forced his sister tamer and it came to pass after two full years that
came to pass after two full years that
came to pass after two full years that Absalom had sheep shearers and Bale
Absalom had sheep shearers and Bale
Absalom had sheep shearers and Bale Heiser which is near afraid so
Heiser which is near afraid so
Heiser which is near afraid so Absalom invited all the king's sons then
Absalom invited all the king's sons then
Absalom invited all the king's sons then Absalom came to the king kindly note
Absalom came to the king kindly note
Absalom came to the king kindly note your servant has sheep shearers please
your servant has sheep shearers please
your servant has sheep shearers please let the king and his servants go with
let the king and his servants go with
let the king and his servants go with your servant no my son let us not all go
your servant no my son let us not all go
your servant no my son let us not all go now lest we be a burden to you then he
now lest we be a burden to you then he
now lest we be a burden to you then he urged him but he would not go and He
urged him but he would not go and He
urged him but he would not go and He blessed him then Absalom said if not
blessed him then Absalom said if not
blessed him then Absalom said if not please let my brother am not go with us
please let my brother am not go with us
please let my brother am not go with us why should he go with you but Absalom
why should he go with you but Absalom
why should he go with you but Absalom urged him so he led Amnon and all the
urged him so he led Amnon and all the
urged him so he led Amnon and all the king's sons go with him our Absalom had
king's sons go with him our Absalom had
king's sons go with him our Absalom had commanded his servants watch now when AM
commanded his servants watch now when AM
commanded his servants watch now when AM nons heart is merry with wine and when I
nons heart is merry with wine and when I
nons heart is merry with wine and when I say to you strike Amnon then kill him do
say to you strike Amnon then kill him do
say to you strike Amnon then kill him do not be afraid have I not commanded you
not be afraid have I not commanded you
not be afraid have I not commanded you be courageous and valiant so the
be courageous and valiant so the
be courageous and valiant so the servants of Absalom did to Amnon as
servants of Absalom did to Amnon as
servants of Absalom did to Amnon as Absalom had commanded then all the
Absalom had commanded then all the
Absalom had commanded then all the king's sons arose and each one got on
king's sons arose and each one got on
king's sons arose and each one got on his mule and fled and it came to pass
his mule and fled and it came to pass
his mule and fled and it came to pass while they were on their way that news
while they were on their way that news
while they were on their way that news came to David Absalom has killed all the
came to David Absalom has killed all the
came to David Absalom has killed all the king's sons and not one of them is left
king's sons and not one of them is left
king's sons and not one of them is left so the King arose and tore his garments
so the King arose and tore his garments
so the King arose and tore his garments and lay on the ground and all his
and lay on the ground and all his
and lay on the ground and all his servants stood by with their clothes
servants stood by with their clothes
servants stood by with their clothes torn then jonadab the son of shamea
torn then jonadab the son of shamea
torn then jonadab the son of shamea David's brother answered let not my lord
David's brother answered let not my lord
David's brother answered let not my lord suppose they have killed all the young
suppose they have killed all the young
suppose they have killed all the young men the king's sons for only Amnon is
men the king's sons for only Amnon is
men the king's sons for only Amnon is dead for by the command of Absalom this
dead for by the command of Absalom this
dead for by the command of Absalom this has been determined from the day that he
has been determined from the day that he
has been determined from the day that he forced his sister Tamar now therefore
forced his sister Tamar now therefore
forced his sister Tamar now therefore let not my lord the king take this thing
let not my lord the king take this thing
let not my lord the king take this thing to his heart to think that all the
to his heart to think that all the
to his heart to think that all the king's sons are dead her only Amnon is
king's sons are dead her only Amnon is
king's sons are dead her only Amnon is dead then
dead then
dead then Absalom fled and the young man who was
Absalom fled and the young man who was
Absalom fled and the young man who was keeping watch lifted his eyes and looked
keeping watch lifted his eyes and looked
keeping watch lifted his eyes and looked and there many people were coming from
and there many people were coming from
and there many people were coming from the road on the hillside behind him and
the road on the hillside behind him and
the road on the hillside behind him and jonadab said to the king look the king's
jonadab said to the king look the king's
jonadab said to the king look the king's sons are coming as your servants said so
sons are coming as your servants said so
sons are coming as your servants said so it is so it was as soon as he had
it is so it was as soon as he had
it is so it was as soon as he had finished speaking that the king's sons
finished speaking that the king's sons
finished speaking that the king's sons indeed came and they lifted up their
indeed came and they lifted up their
indeed came and they lifted up their voice and wept also the king and all his
voice and wept also the king and all his
voice and wept also the king and all his servants wept very bitterly but Absalom
servants wept very bitterly but Absalom
servants wept very bitterly but Absalom fled and went to town I the son of a my
fled and went to town I the son of a my
fled and went to town I the son of a my hood king of Keyshia and David mourned
hood king of Keyshia and David mourned
hood king of Keyshia and David mourned for his son every day so Absalom fled
for his son every day so Absalom fled
for his son every day so Absalom fled and went to Giza and was there three
and went to Giza and was there three
and went to Giza and was there three years
years
years and King David longed to go to Absalom
and King David longed to go to Absalom
and King David longed to go to Absalom for he had been comforted concerning AB
for he had been comforted concerning AB
for he had been comforted concerning AB nan because he was dead